README.md, before:

#catarse.js [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/catarse/catarse.js/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/catarse/catarse.js/tree/master) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/catarse/catarse.js/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/catarse/catarse.js)

## Mithril components for the Catarse world

A set of mithril components to use accross [catarse](https://github.com/catarse/catarse).

## Development

To start developing components to catarse.js you'll first have to install [gulp](http://gulpjs.com/), [bower](http://bower.io/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/).

Then, install all the project package dependencies by calling ```npm install && bower install```.

Build dependencies should be described on `bower.json`. Dev dependencies should be described on `package.json`.

Catarse.js uses gulp as build tool. To start developing just run `gulp` and gulp will start watching your source files for changes and running build when those happen. 

To watch source files without running through testing tasks, run:
```gulp --notest```

To watch source files without running testing or linting tasks, run:
```gulp --q``` 

To trigger a build cycle without watching files, run:
```gulp build```

## Troubleshooting

If you can't run `gulp` try to install it with `npm install -g gulp`

Commit message:

Add instructions for bower link

README.md, after:

#catarse.js [![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/catarse/catarse.js/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/catarse/catarse.js/tree/master) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/catarse/catarse.js/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/catarse/catarse.js)

## Mithril components for the Catarse world

A set of mithril components to use accross [catarse](https://github.com/catarse/catarse).

## Development

To start developing components to catarse.js you'll first have to install [gulp](http://gulpjs.com/), [bower](http://bower.io/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/).

Then, install all the project package dependencies by calling ```npm install && bower install```.

Build dependencies should be described on `bower.json`. Dev dependencies should be described on `package.json`.

Catarse.js uses gulp as build tool. To start developing just run `gulp` and gulp will start watching your source files for changes and running build when those happen. 

To watch source files without running through testing tasks, run:
```gulp --notest```

To watch source files without running testing or linting tasks, run:
```gulp --q``` 

To trigger a build cycle without watching files, run:
```gulp build```

To link catarse.js with catarse, run:
```bower link```
Then, in you catarse repository, run:
```bower link catarse.js```

## Troubleshooting

If you can't run `gulp` try to install it with `npm install -g gulp`
